Thesis: Narrators can change the argument by controlling how and what information you take in.

My Thesis: This paper's taxonomy isnt an effective tool to identify how narrators manipulate the narrative.

p1 introduce the thesis, question its exsistance and agree with it.
p1 lay out the groups or "taxonomy" and explain what the papaer set out to do.

This invites fundamental questions about the reliability of the narrator  s2.p4
"the journalism which succeeds best... seeks to give every man a chance and, as far as law and honest wage and recognition of human brotherhood can make it so, an equal chance." s3.p1
To do so, she (supposedly) shares all the evidence she can with the audience, whether it supports or harms the side she believes, and ultimately advocates for the truth. s3.p1
A podcast like Serial requires a narrator to explain what the audience cannot see. s4.p3
p2 about how much influence she has just by speaking the narrative
p2 talk about her as an "Open Advocate Narrator" and how it influences the talking
p2 explain how by producing this she can create more compelling arguments by manipulating how the info is shared
p2 talk about her as an "Hidden Advocate Narrator" and how it influences the editing
p2 more on the way the case details are laid out (ie the court like structure and how this impacts the truth)

She acts as a journalist-turned-advocate narrator, who is characterized by creating credibility through transparency and unbiased reporting while ultimately staking a position on the subject's guilt/innocence. s3.p3
Before Koenig can explain the arguments for and against Syed's guilt, however, she, like all journalist-turned-advocate narrators, must establish her credibility as a journalist and guide through the story of Syed. s3.p4
Koenig deftly creates a mutually reinforcing loop of using her credibility as the journalist to gain credibility as the narrator of the story and vice versa. s3.p8
p3 talk on how this would make the audience believe that Sarah is a reliabil source while not a professional
p3 continue to talk on how true crime people need to sound like a professional because none of them are
p3 talk about how Serial uses a combonation of expository and interactive elements to 
p3 guide the listener to the "Right opinion". s5.p3
p3 explain how this plays into both being an Open and Hidden Advocate and how quickly the 
p3 line is blured from the two types of narrators.

p4 is an argument that goes along the line of "yea but if they are just stating facts then how much can they twist it?"
p4 the rest of this paragraph is dedicated to explaining how thru the use of "Open" and "Hidden" 
p4 advocate technequies this idea of "Just stating the facts" can in of itself be twisted.
p4 remind the reader of the goal of the paper, and why it's important and should exsist.

p5 the conclusion should talk about how I do agree with it, but how it didnt really 
p5 create that much of a taxonomy.
p5 talk about how they could've added more sub groups to deal with personal stakes 
p5 or financial gain, or pleasing the people.
p5 explain how this is important considering fake news and the manipulation of the narrative.
p5 end on the question of how one could objectively create said taxonomy and paper 
p5 going over it without being unbiased in its creation.(?)
